(Ray whoops)
Here's to Nathan's mother
moving out!
Oh!
(cheering, whooping)
That's the bubbly.
Now let's get
in trouble-y.
Do you prefer
to be called Nate
or Nathan?
Um, well, either, I guess.
Why?
Because I want
to get it right
when I'm screaming
your name in ecstasy.
It says "Nathan"
on my passport.
(laughs)
* Sweet little Nathan
* In your bed
* Open your eyes
and lift your head *
* All your dreams
will soon come true *
* 'Cause Mommy's waiting here
for you *
* Sweet little Nathan...
(screams)
No!
Look, Mom, this has
got to stop, okay?
We're not... we're not roommates
anymore; we're neighbors.
And neighbors don't just barge
into each other's apartments
and start singing.
And they certainly don't go
into the fridge
and cut all the grapes in half.
Every 55 seconds,
a toddler chokes on a grape.
Mom, I am a grown man.
You got to stop
trying to take care of me.
I'm sorry, I just didn't
want you to oversleep.
Won't happen again.
If you find a complete,
balanced breakfast downstairs,
just know it was made
before we had this talk.
Mom...
Yes?
You already started
singing the song.
You don't finish it, it's gonna
be stuck in my head all day.
* Sweet little Nathan
* The day's begun
* Let's start it out
* With some tickle fun!
(laughing)
Oh, Mom!
(laughing):
Mom, no, come on...
(coughing)
(congested):
Oh, honey...
I'm still sick.
Are you okay to work
at the cafe by yourself?
I can handle it.
As long as both our customers
don't come in
at the same time,
I'll be fine.
Oh, man. Tom, are you still
on hold with customer service?
Yeah, they think
I'll get bored and hang up,
but they picked
the wrong retired guy
with nothing to do.
You know what I
did last Tuesday?
I spent
the whole day waiting
for a butterfly
to emerge from a cocoon.
Turned out it was nothing
but a rolled-up Band-Aid.
Morning, everybody.
Very big day
for me.
Nate's got a big interview
with Metta World Peace.
Wow, oh, my God, Nathan.
How exciting.
So is that a person?
Yes, he's a person.
I'm... I'm interviewing him
about his new children's book.
He's an NBA legend.
Girls.
Don't know anything
about football.
All right.
You ready to go, Mikayla?
Yeah.
I was hoping to wake up
with a cold
so I could stay home, too,
but no luck.
I guess I chewed on Mom's
toothbrush for nothing.
All right.
Bye, sweetie.
Bye.
Get some rest, okay?
Okay.
(not congested):
God, I thought
they would never leave.
Okay, I'm not really sick.
The cafe isn't bringing
any money in, so I've been
secretly substitute-teaching
at the school,
but please, please
don't tell Adam, okay?
I don't want him to know that
I've lost faith in our business.
Aw. That's cute.
That you still call it
a business.
Hey, you know,
Debbie's class
would be the
perfect setting
for the Metta World
Peace interview.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, yeah.
We could... we could film him
reading his children's book
to a room full of kids.
Yeah, it's fine by me.
Really? Oh, my God, thanks.
And-and we promise
that you won't be on TV
so Adam won't bust you.
Oh, thanks.
There's not much chance
of that, though.
He's only watching
the Spanish channel
now that he's trying
to learn the language.
His favorite show is
El Seinfeld.
It's a show about nada.
You know, for a kid's book,
this thing is pretty deep.
"I look into the mirror
and I like what I see.
I am a person who's going to be
the best that I can be."
That's how I feel.
I finally know why
women love book clubs.
Drinking.
(knocking at door)
CAROL:
Nathan?
Nathan,
are you home?
Shh, it's my mom.
Ever since she moved out,
she's constantly trying
to take care of me.
The other morning, I woke up
with a night guard in my mouth.
And I don't even own
a night guard.
Nathan, are you in there?
You put a chain
on your door?
I had to.
God, I just...
She's got to learn
that she can't
just barge in here.
What the hell
are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I heard a fire truck
and I was worried you'd choked
on an uncut grape.
Carol, there's a three-alarmer
down the block.
There's firemen everywhere.
I want to get
my calendar signed.
Oh.
Children's books?
With words.
Nathan...
who's helping you
with these?
See, this is another reason
that I wasn't letting you in.
Because wherever you go,
this guy follows.
There's Mom!
Here comes mini-Mom!
You're being rude.
Very rude.
And I was just
trying to help.
Look, I know you were.
I know.
But you-you know what?
You're never going
to grow as a person
if you're so busy trying
to take care of me.
So from now on,
think of
this hallway
as the U.S.-Mexico
border.
You don't cross
without my permission
and I won't come over
unless I'm drunk
and looking to score
cheap medication.
Okay?
Adios, amigos!
He's loco.
Muy loco.
Ray. Yeah.
No, listen, sorry I'm late.
Yes, I know that
the Metta interview is today.
But I just... I overslept, okay?
So just...
please don't tell my mother.
Well, just
hurry up, man.
Most of these kids think
I'm Metta World Peace.
There you go.
Stay in school.
Okay, I'm on my way.
Here, I'd like
to just
put $50 on pump
number six.
Of course.
As soon as I help
this little lollipop
find herself a lollipop.
Now, remember,
the flavor you pick
says a lot
about you.
For instance,
blueberry means you're sad.
And cherry means
you're sassy.
Can I just put
the $50 on pump six?
Sir, I am trying to determine
who this little girl is.
She is at a very tender age
of self-discovery.
So...
I'm thinking
about... orange?
CASHIER:
Well, don't rush into it.
Have you tried
tangerine?
What's it like?
It's a lot like orange.
You know what? This is enough.
Time for the grown-ups to go
to work, so just, here.
Take 'em all, on me.
There you go.
Merry Christmas.
Happy birthday.
Good luck at the dentist.
Put whatever's left on
pump number six, okay?
Check it out!
That's Metta World Peace!
Daddy...
that stranger right there
yelled at me
and made me take all this candy.
(laughs nervously)
Why was he even
at that gas station?
He's an NBA superstar.
When he runs out of gas,
shouldn't he just buy a new car?
Nathan, calm down.
Metta only saw you
for a second.
He probably won't
even recognize you.
(scoffs)
Nice try.
This geometrically ideal
bone structure
of mine is pretty unforgettable.
What if we got
you a disguise?
Hey, Debbie, you got
a lost-and-found box?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's over there.
Maybe we should just...
mess your hair up a little bit.
Never, ever
touch my hair.
I did not bring in
22 photos of Brian Williams
to my barber to have
you mess it up.
There's nothing
but scarves in here.
Who buys a nine-year-old
a scarf?
Obviously,
they're just gonna lose it!
I got it.
I'm gonna
borrow these.
We'll Clark Kent you.
(laughs) Ooh.
Geek chic.
(laughs)
He's coming, he's coming!
All right. Great.
Uh, start rolling.
Maybe he'll be too busy
playing to the camera
to even recognize me.
Uh, Debbie...
uh, you gotta distract
his daughter.
I'm on it.
Okay.
(clears throat)
Hi. Hi.
Nice to meet you.
I'm the teacher, Debbie.
Metta World Peace.
This is my daughter,
Diamond.
Oh, hi,
sweetie.
Hi.
Why don't you, um,
why don't you come stand
over here with me?
Oh, my goodness,
what beautiful eyelids you have.
Can you close you eyes so
I can get a better look at 'em?
Hey, kids,
look who's here.
It's NBA superstar
slash author
slash ambassador of all things
calm and reasonable,
Metta World Peace!
Thank you.
It's an honor to be here with...
So, uh, Metta, listen,
I really loved your book,
uh, Metta World Peace
and Love Stories.
I, um...
Have we met before?
Oh, well, not unless
you volunteer at
the Be Nice
to Children's Hospital,
'cause I'm there all the time.
Anyway, my favorite
part of your book was...
Wait a second.
Diamond, is this the man
who threw lollipops at you?
That's him.
He yelled at me and
his breath was stinky.
Hey, I left the house quick
this morning, all right?
And "yelled" is
a very strong...
I just told her that orange and
tangerine were similar flavors.
No, they're not.
They're wildly different.
You've been feeding my daughter
lollipops and lies.
Hey, I really didn't mean...
Maybe you should see
what it feels like
when someone bigger
makes you afraid.
Listen,
Mr. Peace,
the kids came here
to hear about your book,
not to watch us fight.
(chanting):
Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!
Fight! Fight!
No, no, no, no, no.
What makes you think
we're gonna fight?
Maybe I'm just
gonna yell at you
like you yelled at
my daughter Diamond.
(grunts)
(children continue chanting)
What's happening?
Can't see anything!
Why am I off the ground?
I couldn't see anything
through those glasses.
I thought that little girl
was a chair.
And where were you, Ray?
You're supposed to have my back.
No, I told you I have your back
for anyone under five-seven
and below 200 pounds.
Great. I'll let you know
if I ever get attacked
by Jason Alexander.
Nathan...
Nathan, I came over
as soon as I heard.
What happened?
As soon as you heard?
How'd you hear anything?
Well, I didn't hear anything.
I put it together.
I saw that
your car
was parked crooked,
so I knew you came home
agitated.
And from the footprints
across the lawn,
I could tell you were
in such a hurry
that you didn't bother
with the sidewalk.
I thought it was
a bathroom emergency,
but then I didn't hear
a toilet flush.
That's when I knew to come in!
How can I help?
It'd be a huge help
if you could figure out a way
to keep my neighbor
from bothering me.
Which one?
That Saudi upstairs,
or the other...
No, the Saudi is Italian
and I'm talking about you!
Uh, Nathan,
you better look at this.
In strange news out of Virginia,
it appears basketball star
Metta World Peace
had quite a disagreement
with local news reporter
Nathan Miller
in an elementary school.
You destroyed
the tape, right?
Of course.
Despite the chaos,
some students managed to capture
the act of stupidity and
cowardice on their cell phones.
(children chanting)
Maybe I'll just yell at you
like you yelled at
my daughter Diamond.
What's happening?
Can't see anything!
Why am I off the ground?
JULIE CHEN:
I mean, I don't know
about you guys,
but as a mother, when I hear
of someone using a child
as a human shield...
I, for one, am against that.
Moms, am I right?
(cheering)
Nathan, Nathan, Nathan.
No, no, no! Not "main menu."
I didn't say "main menu"!
Representative.
(reporter speaking Spanish)
¿Qué demonios?
Sin mocos.
JIM ROME:
Metta World Peace is one of
the most intimidating players
in the history of the NBA.
But we've finally found somebody
who could stop him:
a coward holding
a nine-year-old girl.
As a father myself,
I am impressed
that Metta World Peace
didn't hit him.
If it were me,
I would've gone Metta World War
on Nathan Miller.
(laughing hysterically)
Metta World War!
I love wordplay.
It's on every channel
except Al Jazeera.
Nope, there it is.
Good to see those guys laughing.
(chuckles)
Okay, okay. Don't worry.
Don't worry.
I can fix this.
First, we need to get the phone
numbers of all those TV hosts,
then lure them
into texting us pictures
of their private parts...
No, no, no, no, no!
No!
You're not doing that.
You're not doing anything.
The only thing I want you to do
is nothing.
Understand?
Listen, I understand
you don't want me coming over
for the piddly stuff,
like waking you up on time
or dumping out
your expired milk.
But this is a big problem.
And big problems are what
mothers have trained for
their whole lives!
I'm ready, son.
Put me in.
I'm not putting you in.
No, no, no.
I'm putting you out!
I'm a grown man
and I do not need your help.
Fine.
You don't have to tell me
more than three separate times.
You want to be on your own?
You are on your own.
Consider the cord...
cut.
Well, don't worry, man.
This will all blow over
when the next, bigger story
knocks it off the front page.
I'm sure there's some celebrity
who's about to go into rehab.
(Ray chuckling)
Watch.
Where's
Entertainment Tonight at?
It may seem like a scene
from the newest Taken sequel,
but even Liam Neeson
couldn't save this little girl.
I have to warn you,
this clip is rated "R"
for "Really, Nathan Miller?"
Welcome back.
Tony Kornheiser with you,
and there's a lot
of hoo-ha going on
about local newscaster
Nathan Miller.
So let's go to the phones.
Bill in Arlington.
Yeah, how you doing, Tony?
Uh, I just gotta
say, I think that
that Nathan Miller's
a real hero.
You know?
I think if you-- if you look
at that classroom,
that, uh, that terrarium looks
like it's... like it's broken.
Matter of fact, uh,
I think that, uh,
that floor might be
covered in scorpions.
Bill, you're a dope.
Hey, listen, Tony, let me...
Oh, God,
I think he hung up on me.
What's wrong with the...
All right, we've got all
their other lines tied up?
Yeah, I got a whole roll
of fake callers here,
ready to defend you.
How are you
with foreign accents?
Well...
TONY:
Let's go back to the phones.
This is interesting.
We have Colleen on the line...
all the way from Ireland?
A woman
from Ireland?
I hope you ate
your Lucky Charms this morning.
(bad Irish accent):
Top o' the morning to you, Tony.
NATHAN (Irish accent):
...and it takes quite
the upper body strength
to lift a wee child
with only your arms.
I should know. I've got 11.
Children, not arms.
(coughing)
(congested):
Oh, honey...
I'm so sorry,
I just feel worse than ever.
Mmm.
Poor baby. Still sick, huh?
That bug has
really got you down.
Yeah. Just can't seem
to shake it.
Well, don't worry.
I have just the thing
to make you feel better.
It's Mikayla's old snot sucker
from when she was a baby.
Yeah, just shove
this in your nose
and I'll suck the sickness
right out of you.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I don't think we need to...
I mean, I think we just
need to give the medicine
a chance to do its work.
No, no, don't be silly.
You're sick.
Just tilt your head back.
Oh, no, no. I think it's more
congestion than snot. I...
Oop, there we go.
Ah, I know
you're not sick!
I saw you on la televisión.
What were you doing
down at that school?
I was subbing, okay?
We needed to pay the bills.
I didn't want you to think
that I'd given up on the cafe.
Wait.
You've given up on the cafe?
No.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Okay, would it help
your decision
if I told you that I gave up
on it a long time ago?
Wait, you did?
Yeah. (sighs)
Even my fake Yelp review
for the cafe
only gave us two stars.
Wait, are... are you saying
what I think you are?
(sighs)
Let's do what
the health inspector's
been trying to do for years.
Let's close down the cafe.
Oh, hon...
Hello?
They finally
picked up.
Yes, my name is Tom Miller,
and I have been on hold
since Thursday.
I called because you asked
if I wanted to be part
of a customer survey.
Well, I wanted to tell you
that I do not.
Metta.
Hey, listen, if this is about
those callers on the radio,
I have no idea
what those people with amazing
accents were talking about.
I like a little
whiskey in my coffee, too.
(laughing)
Oh, Nathan, you're home.
Now, l-listen.
I-I-I know
I told you I wouldn't
interfere again,
but I couldn't
help myself.
This was just too big.
Hello.
I'm Metta's mother.
Carol was kind enough
to track me down
at the hotel and tell
me what was going on.
My instincts told me
Metta's a man who travels
with his mother.
Nathan, sit down.
You, too, Metta.
Sit down.
I came to apologize for my son.
But, Mom...
he yelled at Diamond.
I know what he did,
but two wrongs
don't make a right.
Now, we're gonna
set things straight
with this Brian Williams
wannabe.
Oh, gosh, thank you.
(laughs)
You know how intimidating
you can be,
especially with someone smaller,
weaker, less successful...
He gets it. He's good.
And you.
Who do you think you are,
yelling at a child?
A Russian gymnastics coach?
You both need to sit here
until you've worked this out.
METTA'S MOTHER:
Mm-hmm.
And you, Carol, need to put
some more whiskey in this mug.
Girl, it's starting
to taste like coffee.
I'm sorry, I didn't
know you well enough
to give you
a Carol pour.
(laughs)
Mothers, huh?
Tell me about it.
Mine lives across the hall.
Yeah?
At least you can move.
I bought my mother
the house next door.
She's not going anywhere.
You're looking at
Everybody Loves Metta.
Listen, I'm sorry
about the other day.
I... I was just really
stressed out about being late
and you're the biggest
interview of my life,
but I... I shouldn't have
yelled at your daughter.
Ah, it's all right.
She should've just
picked a lollipop.
Indecision runs in my family.
That's why I keep
changing my name.
(chuckles)
I'm just worried
my career's over.
And if people think
I can't control my temper,
nobody's gonna buy
my children's books.
I've never wanted to be
the next Dr. J.
I've always wanted to be
the next Dr. Seuss.
I'd rather write.
Write all night.
To write all night
would be such a delight.
That's pretty good.
You know, I-I think that if...
if we work together,
there just might be
a way out of this.
So what you're
telling America
is that this whole thing
was a staged prank?
Brilliant, right, James?
Yeah, it was actually
all Metta's idea.
And all I had to do
was act scared.
Emma did a great job
as our human shield.
His big head
stretched out my glasses.
Okay.
(chuckles)
I knew this video
would go viral
and bring attention to
the issue of bullying.
It's no good, kids.
That's why we're all better off
choosing World Peace
and Love Stories.
Well, you fooled us.
Now back to the crisis in Syria.
Guys... we did it!
You had nothing
to do with it, Kip.
The three of us have
a fun time, don't we?
CAROL:
I'm just glad
it all worked out.
And I promise,
this is the last time
I will ever
interfere.
Well, Mom, that is...
a promise that you cannot keep.
And also one that
I don't want you to make,
'cause you know what?
I was wrong.
Without you finding Metta's mom,
there's no way
I would've figured out
a way out of this, so...
as much as I hate to admit it...
I do sometimes need your help.
Thank you.
And I'm sure you've
had a long day
and you're ready for bed.
I am very tired.
* Sweet little Nathan
* Your day is done
* Close your eyes,
my precious one *
* As Mommy lays
in bed with you *
* The world shrinks down
* To just us two...
Three.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS,
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org